This code is a code to be used in any interface with any type of user in a fragrance shop, the data can be modified as well as the code to fit any type of store.  
 
In our fragrance shop on opening day (aka the presentation day) we offer clients a wide selection of different fragrances in 3 different sizes; 50mL, 100mL or even 200mL. 
In the file of products, the data is stored in the following order; 
Name, reference number, quantity of 50 ml, price of 50ml, quantity of 100 ml, price of 100ml, quantity of 200 ml, price of 200ml, gender. 
 
In the client data sheet data is stored starting with the first name, family name, account id, most recent purchase, second recent purchase and finally 3rd recent purchase. 
 
 
 
The user identifies himself either as a client or an employee by typing " client" or "employee" or any of its variations when greeted by the program. 
 
If the user is a client, he is offered multiple choices to choose from by inserting the corresponding number linked to each choice shown on display. The user can see the list of products as well as the different sizes and their prices. 
He can later go back and select the desired products in whatever size he wishes to buy. 
The client can also look up his purchase history where he will be shown his 3 most recent purchases in order from newest purchase to the oldest. 
 
If the user who's trying to connect is an employee, he will first have to insert an employee password which is 1234, if the password is incorrect the user is brought back to the home page and presented with the choice to connect as an employee or a client. 
 
Once the employee is connected, he is presented also with a list of options varying from adding a new product, seeing the list of products including the prices and the quantity in stock, seeing the list of clients as well as seeing the units that the totality of the products occupies in the space.  
 
If the employee would like to delete a client or a product, he will need to have special access to do so because that option is only accessible by another layer of security to prevent any misuse of the data of the store. 
The password to that access is 4321. 
 
The program is user friendly and precises to the user what type of argument it needs and will restart if the input does not match the program as well as precise it once again. 
 
 
 
Bugs: 
 
Clients cannot delete their profiles themselves they have to ask an employee to do it; if they try to do it themselves it will say that the profile has been deleted but it will not be. If the client had just signed up and decided to delete his profile it will delete his account along other(s) profile(s). 
 
The possibility to add a stock to a product is not yet available but as an alternative the employee can temporarily delete the product and re-add it manually with the updated prices and quantities. 
 
The function where clients get to see their purchases in order is not yet implemented.

Extra features: 
 
Layers of security put into place over the employee interface. 
 
An employee can add a new product that is not already in the data base. 
 
A higher-level employee has the right to delete a product or a client with a special password (4321). 
 
The program runs in a loop and simultaneously. 
 
The program is equipped with a forced stopping feature if the user enters "tiuq", "pots" or "tixe" whenever presented with the 'are you a client or employee ' question.

A new product cannot be added if its reference number matches an already existing product reference that is stored in the products file.

 
